# TimeUX

###### TimeUX is An Attendance and Time product that focuses on acknowledging and diminishing human error when keeping track of employees is the best solution for this problem. Attempting to find afine-balance between privacy and accuracy, we intend on implementing a "reminder" system that will attempt to predict employee behavior and prompt an employee to log their attendance. This could be as simple as sending an employee a notification on their phone that they haven't clocked out of the office even though it's after normal closing hours. once that employee sees that notification they can quickly log their attendance without having to go into the app manually. Deploying features like this will require a horizontal development scheme that will span over PCs, smartphones, and the web, while keeping track of all employee data will require developing a server that is able to scale effectively for many employees.

###### Existing Time and Attendance products rely on their customers’ administrative staff toenforce participation within the software. Employees may forget to log breaks, lunch, or in/out times, leading to inaccurate employee analytics. These products are also skewed largely towards large workforce with ample budgeting to afford the price/user scale that these products cost.Targeting this project towards small businesses that would like to upgrade from low-techsolutions (paper/whiteboards/punch cards/etc.) could cater towards a customer base that could not afford existing HR software.
